docs: Add error codes reference docs for Flutter (#28567)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/docs/ref/dart/auth-error-codes.mdx

Supabase Auth can throw or return various errors when using the API. All errors originating from the `supabase.auth` namespace of the client library will be wrapped by the `AuthException` class.

> Error objects are split in a few classes. `AuthApiException` is exception which originate from the Supabase Auth API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error objects are split in a few classes. `AuthApiException` is an exception which originates from the Supabase Auth API.
```
